# Welcome to Anaxes

The purpose of the Anaxes project is to provide a set of guidelines, best practices and artifacts Alfresco engineering teams can use to produce deliverables ready for deployment into [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io).

Whilst this project is primarliy aimed at internal engineering teams the contents may also be useful to the community, partners and customers.

# Using Anaxes

This section describes the parts Anaxes is comprised of and provides links to where you'll find more information.

## Guidelines

To ensure we have a consistent approach to building, deploying and running deliverables from each delivery team we need to have a set of [guidelines](./docs/guidelines/README.md) we all adhere to.

## Docker Images

Every delivery team will be producing [Docker](https://www.docker.com) images, In order to eliminate duplication and provide consistency the Anaxes project has defined several base Docker images that teams must use as the starting point for their images.

The Alfresco [base Java docker image](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-docker-base-java) defines the starting point for any product/service that requires Java.

## Helm Charts

[Helm](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm) is a packaging technology that will be used to deploy Alfresco products to Kubernetes.

Whilst individual teams will be responsible for producing helm charts to package their deliverables the Anaxes project also provides some examples.

## Hello World App

To practically demonstrate the use of the guidelines and artifacts generated by Anaxes a [Hello World App](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-anaxes-hello-world) has been produced.

## Documentation

Those subjects not covered by the sections above are discussed in the [documentation](./docs/README.md).

# Contributing to Anaxes

We encourage and welcome contributions to this project.

Ways to contribute would be by submitting pull requests, reporting issues and creating suggestions.
When you want to report a new issue or create a suggestion, please check if it was not reported already in Github Issues. 
In the case of a defect please provide steps to reproduce the issue, as well as the expected result and the actual one.
If you would like a feature to be added or changed, use Github Issues as well.
If you'd like a hand at trying to implement features yourself, please validate your changes by running the tests.
To enable us to quickly review and accept your pull requests, always create one pull request per issue and link the issue in the pull request. Never merge multiple requests in one unless they have the same root cause. Pull requests should contain tests whenever possible.
